new term entry math erf() (#5048)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/math-module/terms/math-erf/math-erf.md

> ---
> Title: 'math.erf()' 
> Description: 'returns the error function of a number.' 
> Subjects: 
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Data Science'
>   - 'Discrete Math'
>   - 'Machine Learning'
> 
> Tags: 
>   - 'Arithmetic'
>   - 'Functions'
>   - 'Math'
>   - 'Statistics'
> CatalogContent: 
>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'math.erf()' 
Description: 'Returns the error function of a number.' 
Subjects: 
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Discrete Math'
  - 'Machine Learning'
Tags: 
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Math'
  - 'Statistics'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

Reviewer: Description should start with a capital letter

The **`math.erf()`** function returns the error function of a number.

## Syntax

```pseudo
math.erf(n)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `n`: A real number for which the error function is to be computed.

```

Reviewer: added parameter and description

The `math.erf()` function accepts any real number from negative infinity to positive infinity as input and returns a value between -1 and 1, representing the error function of that number.

## Example

> Use `math.erf()` to return the error function of 1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, `math.erf()` returns the error function of *1*:
```

```py
import math

print(math.erf(1))
```

The above code gives the following output: 

```shell

> 0.8427007929497149

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0.842700792949715
```

Reviewer: Please recheck this output once?

Author: I got 0.8427007929497149 again. See screenshot. 

<img width="1130" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-19 at 11 12 03 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b29ec56c-9e3c-4903-856e-6280e4a6d1aa">
